README.md, before:

# Nitrous Installation

For the easiest path do installation you can follow this link to the community renowned Zolur's page.  He has written a one click script to install and configure the masternode.
https://github.com/zoldur/Nitrous

If you want to compile the binaries from souce, do the following on Ubuntu 16.04.

# Create SWAP

sudo fallocate -l 2G /swapfile


sudo chmod 600 /swapfile

sudo mkswap /swapfile

sudo swapon /swapfile


# Install Prerequisites

sudo add-apt-repository ppa:bitcoin/bitcoin

sudo apt-get install build-essential libtool autotools-dev automake pkg-config libssl-dev libevent-dev bsdmainutils python3

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get upgrade

sudo apt-get install libboost-all-dev

sudo apt-get install software-properties-common

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get install libdb4.8-dev libdb4.8++-dev

sudo apt-get install libzmq3-dev

sudo apt-get install libminiupnpc-dev


# Download source

git clone https://github.com/Nitrous-Core/nitrous.git

cd nitrous


# Compile

./autogen.sh

./configure

make

make install # optional


# Run

from nitrous/src directory:

./nitrousd

once running, to issue RPC commands use:

./nitrous-cli <command>

Commit message:

Add link to Bityoda Script

README.md, after:

# Nitrous Installation

For the easiest path to installation you can follow one of these links to the community renowned Zoldur's page.  Or the cuddly genius BitYoda's page.  If you have a preference, pic one, if not, pick either!  They both do the job exceptionally well.

https://github.com/zoldur/Nitrous

https://github.com/Realbityoda/Nitrous


If you want to compile the binaries from souce, do the following on Ubuntu 16.04.

# Create SWAP

sudo fallocate -l 2G /swapfile


sudo chmod 600 /swapfile

sudo mkswap /swapfile

sudo swapon /swapfile


# Install Prerequisites

sudo add-apt-repository ppa:bitcoin/bitcoin

sudo apt-get install build-essential libtool autotools-dev automake pkg-config libssl-dev libevent-dev bsdmainutils python3

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get upgrade

sudo apt-get install libboost-all-dev

sudo apt-get install software-properties-common

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get install libdb4.8-dev libdb4.8++-dev

sudo apt-get install libzmq3-dev

sudo apt-get install libminiupnpc-dev


# Download source

git clone https://github.com/Nitrous-Core/nitrous.git

cd nitrous


# Compile

./autogen.sh

./configure

make

make install # optional


# Run

from nitrous/src directory:

./nitrousd

once running, to issue RPC commands use:

./nitrous-cli <command>
